Your name
CSCI-305

10.
  The problem I am seeing at this point in the lab is the repetition of many key words
  until the maximum word limit is met. The words such as "a, an, and, for, etc" are being
  repeated one after another in most of the song titles generated. For example, when the
  word "sad" is typed in, you get "sad love song for you ready for you ready for you ready",
  with "for you ready" repeating until the 20 word max is met. This should be expected
  as long as there is no exception for checking for repeating words.
14.
  Again, given that there is no exception for handling if a word or phrase is being repeated,
  there's a good chance that the title will begin repeating. In the example, it just so happens that
  the most common occurring words after "for" is "you", "you" is "ready" and "ready" is for. With this
  coincidence, the phrase "for you ready" is bound to repeat as there are no 'exit' words
  that follow any of the three words.
15.
  I found a song title that is less than 20 words. When I use the word "chat" there's a
  chance that I get the title "chat botte" back. But a lot of the time I get a title
  that is 20 words long due to the randomly choosing a bigram due to the occurrences
  being the same between two words.
16.
  My extension just includes checking to see if the next word to be appended to the song title
  is already in the song title. I understand that this might not be the most effective way
  of doing this due to it not being illegal for song titles to contain the same word, but I
  found this way efficient enough to eliminate repeating phrases. The only situation where
  this would not work, is if the next word has the same number of occurrences as another,
  therefore it would choose it randomly. By using title.include?(current_word) I can check to see
  if the next most common word is already in the title, and if it is, break from the loop
  and return the song title.
19.
  I do not get the same title every time. The first time I got "bob marley song you are"
  the second time I got "bob marley purt drive me down broad blues night long way you are",
  the third time I got "bob marley is my heart". It differs every time due to words such as song,
  time, and is having the same number of occurrences as each other after marley, therefore being
  randomly chosen to follow marley.
20.
  Aside from all the hilarious but inappropriate song titles you can generate, I'll say that
  "butt naked rain come back home christmas song you are" is my favorite (non horrifying) title
21.
  I thought ruby was really good for string manipulation and possibly it would be nice for
  crunching data for machine learning applications
22.
  I did not like the hash manipulation in Ruby, it was kind of confusing how to access
  all the different parts of your hash given that it was two deep.
23.
  I enjoyed this lab for the most part. It was satisfying once I got it working well; and regex ended 
  up being kind of fun to use and play around with it. I was not a fan of the data structure we had to use though.
24.
  I spent approximately put in 16-17 hours into this program. It was tough learning all the
  different aspects of it such as regex, hash, hash manipulation, and a lot of just the syntax
  of ruby. It wasn't necessarily hard, but it was tricky to get acclimated to the environment more
  than anything.
25.
  I would use Ruby again I think. As I previously said, it would be nice to use in
  a machine learning environment.
